Why are you here?
I said
Throughout Jiangcheng
Only my sister, Su Jinhui, can be called one by one.
From now on, it will be called Xiaohong.
Xiaohong
Is that a good name?
It's like a goblin in the shampoo.
It fits his identity and temperament very well.
Look at his figure
Give 50 a night
I'm out 60
I'll give 80, I'll give 100, no more, hahaha.
Brother, he is my classmate.
You and I also said that you are the dignified Miss Su family
He's a wild girl
I'm not even qualified to carry your shoes
He doesn't deserve to be your classmate.
He was the one who made me accidentally hit you this morning.
I'm going to make him pay tonight
But
Lord, just stay here
Today is your writing industry is your home court
In this place, you are the queen
See how I treat him
Come on, drink this glass of wine
I don't drink. I don't drink. I don't drink.
What are you doing?
A day 50,000
The money of my Su family is not so easy to earn
1,000 bucks for a glass of wine
If you can afford it, you can stay
If you can't afford it, get out
Go back and collect your mother's body
You are quite filial if you don't go
Since he wants to play
Don't be idle, brothers
Let's go together